# Segmenting-Toronto 
This project segments and clusters the Neighborhoods of the city of Toronto in order to determine the most common venues in every neighborhood.

I used Beautifulsoup python library to scrap the data from the files and obtained latitude and longitude values using geopy. I used folium library to render the toronto map and the Foursquare application to get all the information about the venues in the Toronto neighborhood. I imported K-means clustering from Scikit-learn library and used it for clustering the neighbourhoods.

# Where in Toronto

Ontario is the most populous province in Canada and Toronto is provincial capital of Ontario. Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the fourth most populous city in North America. As per 2016, the population of Greater Toronto Area (GTA) is 6,417,516. Toronto is an international center of business, finance, arts, culture, and is recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world. Toronto has a diverse population as it is an important destination for most immigrants coming into Canada. People belonging to around 200 different ethnic groups reside in Toronto area. Toronto serves as the financial capital of Canada and hosts high concentration of banks and brokerage firms in the financial district area. The five largest financial institutions in Canada known as Big Five (Royal Bank of Canada (RBC), Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD), Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank), Bank of Montreal(BMO), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce(CIBC)) have national offices in Toronto. Toronto serves as headquarters for many companies such as Bell Media, Rogers Communications and Torstar. Toronto is also home to software companies such as Ecobee, Shopify, Amazon, Paytm Labs etc. There are many universities in Toronto such as University of Toronto in downtown area and there are three other universities present in the same area. The downtown Toronto also hosts many hospitals such as the Sick Kids Hospital and Mount Sinai hospital.

Toronto is also the prominent center for music, theatre, motion picture and television production. It is a popular tourist destination attracting lot of people from all over the world for these. The most popular tourist attractions in Toronto are Royal Canadian Museum, CN tower, Toronto Zoo and Hockey hall of fame. There are numerous galleries and museums in Toronto to visit. Everyday thousands of people come to Toronto for various purposes and it is important for them to know about good hotels to stay in downtown Toronto.
